Randomly create a 0/1 Knapsack problem as follows: 
•	Create n items where n is an integer randomly selected between 4 and 8. Display the selected n value. 
•	Create a list of n items where each item has profit pi and weight wi where 
1) pi is a positive integer randomly selected between 10 and 30; and 
2) wI is a positive integer randomly selected between 5 and 20. Set the capacity of the knapsack W = floor(0.6 * 
∑#$%&𝑤i). 
 
To solve the created 0/1 knapsack problem, implement the following algorithms discussed in class: 
1)Implement the brute force method to solve the 0/1 knapsack problem. Show the final solution. Specifically, 
(a) print the total profit and weight; and (b) print the selected items together with their profits and weights. 

2)Implement the refinement algorithm of dynamic programming approach (slides 38-40 of Ch12 lecture notes): 
(a) print the entries that are calculated in each row; (b) print the total profit and weight for the final solution; and 
(c) print the selected items together with their profits and weights for the final solution. Hint: you may need to define an 
extra variable to keep track of which items to be included in the knapsack comparing to the pseudo code of the general 
dynamic programming approach for the 0/1 knapsack problem (slide 33 of Ch12 lecture notes). If you have implemented the 
refinement algorithm of dynamic programming approach correctly, the total profit achieved by this algorithm must be equal to 
that achieved by the brute force method implemented in 1). 

•	Note: You are supposed to implement the algorithm using the refinement algorithm of dynamic programming approach for the 
0/1 knapsack problem. You will get no credit if you implement the general dynamic programming by calculating all the entries of
matrix B (as shown in slide 33 of Ch12 lecture notes). We did not talk much about space complexity for this problem, and so 
it is acceptable if you define a full matrix B but set the entries that do not need to be computed to zero. 

3)Implement the backtracking algorithm: (a) print the profit, weight and bound for each node according to the order that is first visited 
in the implicit pruned state space tree. (b) print the total profit and weight for the final solution; and (c) print the selected 
items together with their profits and weights for the final solution. Compare the result to the result you have got in 
1). If you have implemented the backtracking algorithm correctly, the total profit achieved by this backtracking method must be equal 
to that achieved by the brute force method implemented in 1).  
